---
description: Rewards for finding the Cure
---

# $QURE - Incentive for the Cure

Why do we need another L2?  Today, no home exists for the biopharmaceutical or healthcare industry to create EVM-native ZK applications.  Health and scientific information is highly sensitive, and zero-knowledge proofs are the panacea for their safety and security.  Thus, creating the perfect environment for ZK applications to exist is critical.

Current L1 and L2 solutions do not fully address the needs of ZK applications to deploy and grow users in a scalable manner.  The additional demands of the biopharmaceutical and healthcare industries – conservative, slow-moving, meticulous, rigorous – necessitate a community and ecosystem that can deliver to their specific needs.  HealthZK is our framework for developers to build EVM-native ZK applications in healthcare using Solidity smart contracts and dApps.

QURE Chain is an EVM-compatible ZK-native Layer-2 modular blockchain built to accelerate scientific discovery and treatment in healthcare by providing a unique incentivized technology platform to democratize science and speed discovery and development. QURE is more than just a Layer-2 blockchain—it's an ecosystem of technology that enables humanity to discover cures faster, with the best user experience available - Extended Reality (XR).

QURE Chain’s unique economic model incorporates the concept of liquid staking with interest-bearing, government-backed, and BRICS bonds with our ERC20 token, $QURE.  The rewards mechanism is implemented via the “shares” concept, where rewards are paid to liquid-staked token holders daily.

QURE Chain enables researchers, caregivers, and patients to be at the center of the value chain. It provides a system with economic incentives and zero-knowledge software systems for a new paradigm: decentralized science, or “DeSci,” using advanced technologies in smart contracts, AI, zero-knowledge proofs, and Extended Reality.

By decentralizing science, the power structures enabling research, drug discovery, and treatment are flipped—patients, researchers, and caregivers suddenly drive the efforts, make decisions, and profit economically. Incentive structures—money—flow directly where it needs to go, with full transparency about information, decisions, and results, which is public and debated in open formats.

The DeSci movement is young and immature and needs a dedicated environment and infrastructure to empower researchers, caregivers, and patients. It makes no sense for the BioPharma industry to use a general-purpose blockchain alongside Web3 gaming and Meme tokens. Decentralized Science needs a dedicated blockchain platform for many reasons, including aligning economic incentives, lowering fraud, and providing unique industry-specific functionality.

DeSci also lacks incentive systems and economic models for funding research, licensing, intellectual property, royalties, etc.  Additionally, zero-knowledge proofs uniquely enable private, health-related information to be kept private while still allowing the benefit and value of disclosing information to scientists and caregivers.  QURE Chain provides a platform for healthcare innovation, “HealthZK,” an incentive platform for developing applications based on privacy-preserving zero-knowledge proofs and artificial intelligence.

The incentive layer for the QURE Chain, $QURE, is a rebasing ERC20 token backed by government-issued bonds held under custody with regulated financial institutions.  $QURE rebases daily, allowing users to receive rewards generated by the interest paid by the treasuries held in reserve.  $QURE is liquid-staked on the QURE Chain and is the gas, or fee token, for the blockchain.
